[FEATURE BRANCH][WIP] - CHA-545 - AEP GA Documentation (#910)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/akeneo-event-platform/concepts.md

| `source` | Populated by the user at creation | Source of the event (currently, the only source available is `pim`) |
| `subject` | From `X-PIM-URL` header parameter | URL of the targeted source |
| `type` | Populated by the user at creation | Type of the subscription (currently, there are two available types:  `https` and `pubsub`) |
| `events` | Populated by the user at creation | A list of events that the subscription is tracking |
| `status` | Automatically populated | The subscription status |
| `config` | Populated by the user at creation | The subscription configuration, based on the subscription type. See below for further details. |

The statuses for a subscription are:

| Status | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `active` | The destination will receive notifications for events monitored by the subscription |
| `deleted` | The subscription is inactive and cannot be reactivated |
| `suspended` | The subscription has been deactivated by the event platform itself due to excessive errors, or manually by the user. However, you can resume it. Suspending a subscription stops all events from being sent to it. Events are not saved and are lost until the subscription is resumed |

> | `revoked` | The subscription has been automatically deactivated because the destination responded with an HTTP 404. You can manually reactivate it. Suspending a subscription halts all event deliveries to this subscription. Events are not saved and are lost until the subscription is resumed |

Reviewer: This status was not designed as it is described here.

A revoked status can only be set by the event platform, and occurs when an App or a Connection  is deleted.
We differentiate the deleted from revoked as "deleted" is an status/action made by the subscriber/user/integrator, the revoked is a event platform decision, to let subscriber/user/integrator understand why we do not receive events anymore.

Reviewer 2: Done on https://github.com/akeneo/pim-api-docs/pull/932/files#

For HTTPS subscriptions, we sign each payload using the secret you provided in the configuration.

We include the signature in the payload headers:

- `X-AKENEO-SIGNATURE-PRIMARY`: Contains the signature using your provided primary secret.
- `X-AKENEO-SIGNATURE-SECONDARY`: Contains the signature using your provided secondary secret if you have one.
- `X-AKENEO-SIGNATURE-ALGORITHM`: The algorithm we used to sign the payload (currently always `HmacSHA256`).

We generate two signatures for each payload to facilitate secret rotation on your side.

To verify the signature on your end:

1. Receive the payload and extract the signature from the headers.
2. Using the shared secret key, compute the HMAC signature of the received payload using the same algorithm.
3. Compare the computed HMAC signature with the received HMAC signature.

This is the easiest way to ensure the message you receive is from us.

#### Pub/Sub subscription

##### Configuration

For the `pubsub` type, the `config` property requires both the project ID and the topic ID.

```json

"project_id": "your_google_project_id",

> "topic_id": "your_google_topic_id"

Reviewer 2: Done on https://github.com/akeneo/pim-api-docs/pull/932/files#

| **connection** | `com.akeneo.pim.v1.app.deleted`<br/>`com.akeneo.pim.v1.connection.deleted`     |

Events are dispatched regardless of their triggers. Possible triggers include:

- **Interface Change**: When a client modifies data directly through the user interface.
- **API Change**: When data is updated via the API, whether by the client or through an app/connection.
- **Mass Action Change**: When multiple entities are updated at once, typically during bulk operations.
- **Rules Change**: When the rule engine is used to make modifications.
- **Import Change**: When data is brought in via the import engine.

For more event specific details, consult our [event list page](/akeneo-event-platform/available-events.html).

## Retry policies

In distributed systems, ensuring reliable message processing is crucial. Retry policies help manage transient failures and guarantee message delivery even when encountering issues.

Here, we outline the key **retry policies** implemented in our system.

### ACK timeout

> ACK timeout ensures that messages are acknowledged within a specified period. In our system, the ACK timeout is set to **`3 seconds`**. If an acknowledgment isn't received within this timeframe, the message is retried. This mechanism prevents message loss due to slow consumers or network delays, ensuring timely processing.

Reviewer: Being inspired by shopify documentation we might not document "ack" terminology, as it unnecessarily leak our underlying components (pubsub).

https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/build/webhooks/subscribe/https#respond-with-a-200-ok-quickly

Plus, we can document "1 second" timeout too, even if internally we put it at 3 sec it forces https destination to be quick. Wdyt ?

Reviewer 2: We already receive demands to increase the timeout from a client (middleby i think)
It's maybe better to be clear 1 or 3s to avoid the fact customer say it's documented 1s but 3s work fine

> ACK timeout ensures that messages are acknowledged within a specified period. In our system, the ACK timeout is set to **`3 seconds`**. If an acknowledgment isn't received within this timeframe, the message is retried. This mechanism prevents message loss due to slow consumers or network delays, ensuring timely processing.

Reviewer 2: Done on https://github.com/akeneo/pim-api-docs/pull/932/files#

### At least once

> The **"at least once"** delivery guarantee means that we resend events if a `HTTP 200 OK` response isn't received within **`3 seconds`**. This policy ensures that no message is lost, though it may result in duplicate deliveries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **"at least once"** delivery guarantee means in case of delivery failure, our retry policy will try to deliver the event again. This policy ensures that no message is lost until reasonable limits, though it may result in duplicate deliveries.
```

Reviewer 2: Done on https://github.com/akeneo/pim-api-docs/pull/932/files#

Additionally, due to this system, **the order of events may be unpredictable**. Developers should design their systems to handle potential duplicates gracefully, ensuring idempotent processing.

> To help identify duplicated events, use the **`X-Correlation-ID`** header, along with **`eventId`** and **`publicationTime`**, which provide unique identifiers and timestamps for each event.

Reviewer: What are those correlation-id, eventID and publicationTime ?

For me we only rely on the cloudevent spec "id" and "times"

Reviewer 2: Done on https://github.com/akeneo/pim-api-docs/pull/932/files#
